OSOE-523: Optimize spell-checking dictionary files across projects (#203)
Lombiq/GitHub-Actions: Docs/Workflows.md

## Spelling workflow

Checks for spelling mistakes in a repository using the [Check Spelling](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/check-spelling) GitHub Action, proxied by the [`spelling` action](../.github/actions/spelling/action.yml) in this repository, which has [its own documentation](../.github/actions/spelling/advice.md) describing the configuration options and contribution guidelines. This documentation is also displayed automatically in every spell checking report of a pull request.

> You can use already existing configuration files by setting the `spell-check-this` parameter to another existing repository. This parameter is needed even if you want to update our dictionary in a custom branch of project consuming this workflow; changing just the workflow's branch from `dev` to your branch won't take any effect, you can leave it as it is.

Reviewer: Elaborate on and add examples for the following scenarios with the configuration we recommend as the default:

1. Generic spell-checking in any project.
2. Generic spell-checking for an OC solution using OSOCE submodules.

Author: Both of those should start with what's in Workflows.md there (minus the line for Lombiq.common.txt, because https://github.com/Lombiq/GitHub-Actions/pull/203#discussion_r1112286436, Workflow.md to be updated with that), i.e., you should start from the absolute minimum configuration not to produce false negatives.
The rest depends on what comes up in the spell-checking report, at which point the contents of SpellCheckingConfiguration.md should be followed.

Reviewer: This is important then, please add the approach to this section

Checks for spelling mistakes in a repository using the [Check Spelling](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/check-spelling) GitHub Action, proxied by the [`spelling` action](../.github/actions/spelling/action.yml) in this repository, which has [its own documentation](SpellCheckingConfiguration.md) describing the configuration options and contribution guidelines. This documentation is also linked automatically at the end of every spell checking report of a pull request.

### How to integrate spell checking into a project

1. Start by adding a job to an existing workflow or create one specific to spell checking with the minimum configuration.
2. Push the changes and open a pull request to have the initial spell-checking report commented to it.
3. Follow the [spell checking configuration tips](SpellCheckingConfiguration.md) to work through the list of unrecognized entries.

> 4. You will probably end up with a few configuration files and some external dictionaries applied, so your workflow might end up looking something like this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You will probably end up with a few configuration files and some external dictionaries applied, so your workflow might end up looking something like the complete example below.
```

> #### Minimum spell checking step configuration example

Reviewer: Grammarly suggests "spell-checking". I didn't find an authoritative answer for the spelling (haha) of this, please check.

Reviewer 2: Grammarly is right here, because you're using this word pair as an [adjective](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adjective) to "step configuration".

This is the same as saying "We do open source." vs. "We build open-source software."

    name: Spelling
    uses: Lombiq/GitHub-Actions/.github/workflows/spelling.yml@dev
    with:
      # Add this parameter to define further dictionary source prefixes. Dictionary files from these sources are processed before the default ones, and in the order their prefixes are listed here.
      additional-dictionary-source-prefixes: >
        {
          "other-project": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Other/Project/dev/.github/actions/spelling/",
        }
      # Use this parameter to list the external dictionary files to use, but beware that check-spelling only accepts flat lists of words (so, for example patterns.txt can't be referenced like this). The order doesn't matter, but sorting it alphabetically makes it easier to maintain. The "cspell" and "lombiq-lgha" prefixes are available by default - see the spelling action for their exact path.
      additional-dictionaries: |
        cspell:csharp/csharp.txt

>         lombiq-lgha:Lombiq.common.txt

Reviewer: I'd include `lombiq-lgha:Lombiq.common.txt` in the default config, since if you don't want our defaults, then don't use LGHA but the action directly. Then infrastructure Scripts and Utility Scripts configuration can be simplified.

Author: > if you don't want our defaults, then don't use LGHA but the action directly

I wouldn't go that far, because LGHA has now other useful features too that the base action doesn't have, even if you don't need `Lombiq.common.txt`, but having it as a default is indeed easier for us (and if you really don't need it, you can still override the `default-dictionaries` parameter).
